well and
about o
I welcome everyone dear viewers
managed to catch the six of god and I
I continue to play such a game as
simpson this tortured six god i tell you
I wait and come on faster output and ka
Well, come on, let's ka ka ka come
let ka che it does not go on the forehead
Collect all the money and things to see
cleanly clicked on this point and he somehow
released
cool okay now collect money all
collect let's play battery I
I want lotteries where the battery is and what am I
I won I didn’t know what I was playing
to 750 heads 50 and now i build
board tree yes and now already built
finally this tree is this board tree
where we will have bart strictly speaking and
this is very cool this is really very cool
cool and damn I will have a board this
really cool i was waiting for it so i
long waited for this already a whole month well yes
if you think it is already 32 or 31 series
and how much time has not passed already
month is obtained and every day if
I go logically gave let's build
treehouse tree board where
put here is not here and new will not
put me where you put shorter
figured out where to put it
remove know somewhere here this tree
paddling pool paddling pool okay where
pool paw let's get a tree in here
put a cool place for a tree and
for now let's give this a bench
put there just good
a place to let the bench here and worth
suddenly someone gets tired and will sit down so
along the path so will go about by tired but
and sat down somewhere there why at once
lined up
seriously what the hell is or is it
Now the video is some kind of I'm on board
found bart uranium no sound not seen
just do not show imagine
just selected by me shorter only
what presented claws talk even at home
Bart throws a tree in the forest some
a piece of paper homer comes out type says hey
there well and what's up with the return guy
yak my ignore what a window
ignore that in the sense of marking yours
return
first you need to find a mom we went to
slings of laundry only she knows
how to communicate with washing machine and i
barty mzani damn it was there
it is written cool I still have to find
Homer's father and Marge at the foot of the house
of course collect ideals
Ideal, I will collect well still shone
put ideals they will be 45 seconds
grow so now it's quick yet
do something where did she come from okay
sent to write the manifesto go well
ubar what do you want bard cant believe
that you hid here all this time
main and back and ready to help than
I can than I can fine then something to him
Now we are trying to restore the city
will have to work and probably
better than not perform more interesting
I'll do breitbart
skateboarding is not a skit
by chance
why skateboard why not skate
why skateboard damn I do not understand
this translation is ok
so ideals grew fine i fulfilled
there is another 50 dollars on the ball gave possible
so to speak and what else do I need to do
means I need to do me now
I need it now so I did it now
will complete the mission to send it
mini work on tan shorter pass
expand the territory of the beach and need to
how much does it cost 18 thousand if i don't
am wrong
19000 and even better, well then we will
collect if I do not appear
some other mission there for example there
build and don't know what to build
build for example here's a library
springfield here this dude
comes across or build for example
dungeon android android damn horror or
orange house no i better at first these
fulfilling the mission then I will all the rest
so well, let's ask what character
what to do well you say of course you
you know what you're up first
long time you want i don't know what you want
you want to buy champagne but no
champagne it is you not for you you
do you understand you better go watch the show
always squadron taro tv do
homework yes of course you live without it
that the forests are not doing homework
so you read the bible you scolding booze
you paint you walk strings and from and
overnight party interesting it
before this seemed to be not watching
birds and go for a drive on a motorcycle and a
how to look for tanks about you
forgot you're standing nowhere don't you go
manage the station of course so what
we still do let's know what we
Now we will do we do not know what we are
do shorter now we take the way we
there is this little shop that's about him
somehow he forgot even
Well , somehow with nature you can say so
he merges it is not visible so so
so so so so collect the money
collect money collect money
Well on this I will say goodbye to you
I will need in the next coupe series
territory for the beach but i'm probably not
Well, I can thank you all for watching
subscribe to the put put likes channel
write comments all good luck and to new
meeting